[Music]
then action movie skills that might help
you out one day we live in a crazy time
when everything is possible
indeed you never know when something
unexpected can come your way but when it
does you'd better be prepared bright
side made a list of movie like tricks to
get you out of trouble and into action
from getting handcuffs off to encoding
messages we have a lot of awsome tricks
for you are you ready to become a
superhero number 10 getting handcuffs
off with a match a basic thing any
action movie character just has to know
is how to set yourself free if you
accidentally get handcuffed by someone
evil there is a way to help you get any
handcuffs off whether for a nice magic
trick to impress an audience or if you
ever find a real me the only necessary
tool is a match slightly flatten it your
teeth will you good job just fine stick
it right into the hole in the handcuffs
you are free to go number 9 hiding
valuable things if you have a stash of
money or valuable documents you need to
hide here is an easy DIY idea for you
all you need is a chair a hammer some
nails and rubber bands flip the chair
upside down and hammer nails into the
chair in the form of a box slightly Bend
the tips of the nails stretch the rubber
bands as showing a picture and slip your
money underneath a book can also make a
perfect safe it will take you quite a
lot of work involving glue and scissors
but you are going to love the old school
hiding place you will end up with
number eight getting out of zip tie
handcuffs you've probably seen people
using white plastic zip ties also called
cable ties as handcuffs they squeeze the
hands really tightly and one would
assume that it's impossible to undo them
unless somebody cuts them off not so
fast you can easily get rid of them lift
your hands above your head and then
quickly pull them down and open your
arms at the same time it will cause pain
but your hands will be released BAM you
are basically Tom Cruise and your
mission is possible number seven
imitating drinking evil people often try
to poison heroes or make them
unconscious for a while
somehow action characters still managed
to escape poisoning if you ever feel
uncomfortable drinking a certain
something in the presence of people you
just met or seemed suspicious there is a
way out just imitate drinking and don't
swallow the liquid fill the glass
towards yourself but keep your lips
sealed
add the AH sound after fake sipping to
make it seem even more real number six
using a mirror to spy on someone it is
totally cool to spy on someone who seems
suspicious of you at a coffee shop or
outside using a small mirror you can do
it for your own safety more than that
you can try using a CD with a reflective
surface to see what's going on behind a
closed door if you feel like something
bad is happening then get on your knees
next to the door and put the CD on the
ground through the door gap adjust the
edge of the CD to get the right angle
and you will see what's going on on the
ground and in further parts of the room
number five sending a secret message
secrets secrets will have them and
sometimes we only want to share them
with a special someone you will need a
blank piece of paper a white crayon and
a marker to create a secret message
write your message on the paper with the
white crayon people love totally blank
when someone needs to read it they can
simply color over it with the marker the
message will magically appear you can
also try making various invisible inks
using lemon juice and baking soda all
you have to do is mix either one of them
with water and write your message with
the mix using a cotton swab the heat of
a candle or light bulb will help you
read the lemon juice message
grape juice will reveal the secret
message written with baking soda hit
thumbs up if you ever tried sending a
secret message using invisible ink
number four making a dead drop device
imagine this you have a super important
message to deliver to someone and you
can't make it a secret or encoded one
because the other party will have no
time to decipher it when spies have some
sensitive information for their ally
they make dead drops out of the most
ordinary items they just have to be
large enough to fit a piece of paper or
a USB Drive you can make a regular bolt
your dead drop if you are good with
tools or pick something easier like a
flower pot for this function
number three setting up a door monitor
if you ever need to check whether
somebody has been in your room but you
have no fancy gadgets just get a tape
and some strings simply tape a piece of
string so it hangs slightly above the
door when someone closes or opens the
door the string will get stuck between
the door and the threshold now you know
if you need to take extra steps to
protect your privacy you can start with
easy basic things like keeping all your
doors and gates long getting to know
your neighbors and keeping all your
things including bikes and toys inside
not to provoke anyone to try to get in
for more number two and creating a coded
message spies and superheroes do that
all the time some messages are too
secret to be shared with the rest of the
world so they have to be encoded if you
need to send a coded message you can use
a simple reflect method just write out
the letters 8 to em in a single line
underneath to the eight end line write
out the letters n to Z then simply
change each letter of your message to
the opposite letter of the two lines
hello will become variable you can
invent your own encoding system with
your friends or family developing it can
be tons of fun and using it will make
you feel like you belong to an exclusive
spy game
[Music]
number one waterproofing matches
frequent hikers will understand the need
for waterproof matches nothing is worse
than hiking in the rain
for hours and finding no dry matches to
make a fire when you reach your camp
even if you are not a huge fan of
wandering in the wild you can still find
yourself in a situation when you are
going to need a match that will 100%
worth its magic all you need to do
before the hike is paint some matches
with nail polish or wax to waterproof
your matches using wax let it candle
burn for a while or melt some old wax
chunks then dip your matches in this
melted substance deep enough to cover
more than the head of the match once the
match is cooled down
scrape the extra wax off the matches
heads with your fingernail the
fingernail option might be a bit easier
you just have to paint your matches from
head to toe or just the tips with a or
dip them into the bottle you can use
clear nail polish or pick a color one to
style out your matches which of these
action movie tricks would you like to
try feel free to share in the comments
by the way there are some on-screen
survival hacks that never work in real
life so you shouldn't ever try using any
of them here's a link to our video about
it give this video a like if you enjoyed
watching it if it gets 50,000 likes
we'll share a cool spy secrets video
subscribe to our channel to be the first
to see our awesome updates